---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "shoreline_action Resource - terraform-provider-shoreline"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Shoreline action. A command that can be run.
  See the Shoreline Actions Documentation https://docs.shoreline.io/actions for more info.
---

# shoreline_action (Resource)

Shoreline action. A command that can be run.

See the Shoreline [Actions Documentation](https://docs.shoreline.io/actions) for more info.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **command** (String) A specific action to run.
- **name** (String) The name of the object (must be unique).

### Optional

- **complete_long_template** (String) The long description of the Action's completion.
- **complete_short_template** (String) The short description of the Action's completion.
- **complete_title_template** (String) UI title of the Action's completion.
- **description** (String) A user-friendly explanation of an object.
- **enabled** (Boolean) If the object is currently enabled or disabled. Defaults to `false`.
- **error_long_template** (String) The long description of the Action's error condition.
- **error_short_template** (String) The short description of the Action's error condition.
- **error_title_template** (String) UI title of the Action's error condition.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **params** (List of String) Named variables to pass to an object (e.g. an Action).
- **res_env_var** (String) Result environment variable ... an environment variable used to output values through.
- **resource_query** (String) A set of Resources (e.g. host, pod, container), optionally filtered on tags or dynamic conditions.
- **shell** (String) The commandline shell to use (e.g. /bin/sh).
- **start_long_template** (String) The long description when starting the Action.
- **start_short_template** (String) The short description when starting the Action.
- **start_title_template** (String) UI title of the start of the Action.
- **timeout** (Number) Maximum time to wait, in seconds. Defaults to `60`.

### Read-Only

- **type** (String) The type of object (i.e., Alarm, Action, Bot, Metric, Resource, or File).


