---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "shoreline_alarm Resource - terraform-provider-shoreline"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Shoreline alarm. A condition that triggers Alerts or Actions.
  See the Shoreline Alarms Documentation https://docs.shoreline.io/alarms for more info.
---

# shoreline_alarm (Resource)

Shoreline alarm. A condition that triggers Alerts or Actions.

See the Shoreline [Alarms Documentation](https://docs.shoreline.io/alarms) for more info.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **fire_query** (String) The Alarm's trigger condition.
- **name** (String) The name of the object (must be unique).

### Optional

- **check_interval_sec** (String) Defaults to `1`.
- **clear_query** (String) The Alarm's resolution condition.
- **compile_eligible** (Boolean) If the Alarm can be effectively optimized. Defaults to `true`.
- **condition_type** (String) Kind of check in an Alarm (e.g. above or below) vs a threshold for a Metric.
- **condition_value** (String) Switching value (threshold) for a Metric in an Alarm.
- **description** (String) A user-friendly explanation of an object.
- **enabled** (Boolean) If the object is currently enabled or disabled. Defaults to `false`.
- **family** (String) General class for an Action or Bot (e.g., custom, standard, metric, or system check). Defaults to `custom`.
- **fire_long_template** (String) The long description of the Alarm's triggering condition.
- **fire_short_template** (String) The short description of the Alarm's triggering condition.
- **fire_title_template** (String) UI title of the Alarm's triggering condition.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **metric_name** (String) The Alarm's triggering Metric.
- **mute_query** (String) The Alarm's mute condition.
- **raise_for** (String) Where an Alarm is raised (e.g., local to a resource, or global to the system). Defaults to `local`.
- **resolve_long_template** (String) The long description of the Alarm's resolution.
- **resolve_short_template** (String) The short description of the Alarm's resolution.
- **resolve_title_template** (String) UI title of the Alarm's' resolution.
- **resource_query** (String) A set of Resources (e.g. host, pod, container), optionally filtered on tags or dynamic conditions.
- **resource_type** (String)

### Read-Only

- **type** (String) The type of object (i.e., Alarm, Action, Bot, Metric, Resource, or File).


