---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "shoreline_dashboard Resource - terraform-provider-shoreline"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Shoreline dashboard. A platform for visualizing resources and their associated tags.
---

# shoreline_dashboard (Resource)

Shoreline dashboard. A platform for visualizing resources and their associated tags.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dashboard_type` (String) Specifies the type of the dashboard configuration. Currently, only 'TAGS_SEQUENCE' is supported.
- `name` (String) The name/symbol for the object within Shoreline and the op language (must be unique, only alphanumeric/underscore).

### Optional

- `groups` (String) A JSON-encoded list of groups in the dashboard configuration. Each group is an object with 'name' (the group's name) and 'tags' (a list of tag names belonging to the group). Defaults to ``.
- `identifiers` (List of String) A list of additional tags that will be used to identify certain resources. They will be displayed before the tags_sequence column.
- `other_tags` (List of String) A list of additional tags that will be displayed for the resources.
- `resource_query` (String) A set of Resources (e.g. host, pod, container), optionally filtered on tags or dynamic conditions. Defaults to ``.
- `values` (String) A JSON-encoded list of objects defining the values and their associated colors in the dashboard configuration. Each object contains: 'color' (the color associated with the values) and 'values' (a list of values corresponding to specific tags). Defaults to ``.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `type` (String) The type of object (i.e., Alarm, Action, Bot, Metric, Resource, or File).
