---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "shoreline_integration Resource - terraform-provider-shoreline"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Shoreline integration. A third-party integration (e.g. DataDog, NewRelic, etc) .
  See the Shoreline Metrics Documentation https://docs.shoreline.io/integrations for more info.
---

# shoreline_integration (Resource)

Shoreline integration. A third-party integration (e.g. DataDog, NewRelic, etc) .

See the Shoreline [Metrics Documentation](https://docs.shoreline.io/integrations) for more info.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name/symbol for the object within Shoreline and the op language (must be unique, only alphanumeric/underscore).
- `serial_number` (String)
- `service_name` (String) The name of a 3rd-party service to integrate with (e.g. 'datadog', or 'newrelic').

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) Account ID for a 3rd-party service integration. Defaults to ``.
- `api_certificate` (String) API certificate for a 3rd-party service integration. Defaults to ``.
- `api_key` (String) API key for a 3rd-party service integration. Defaults to ``.
- `api_rate_limit` (Number) The number of API calls a client is able to make in a minute. Defaults to `0`.
- `api_url` (String) API url for a 3rd-party service integration. Defaults to ``.
- `app_key` (String) Application key for a 3rd-party service integration. Defaults to ``.
- `cache_ttl` (Number) The amount of time group memberships will be cached (in milliseconds). Defaults to `0`.
- `cache_ttl_ms` (Number) The amount of time group memberships will be cached (in milliseconds). Defaults to `0`.
- `client_id` (String) Application id for a 3rd-party service integration (Microsoft Entra ID). Defaults to ``.
- `client_secret` (String) Client secret for a 3rd-party service integration (Microsoft Entra ID). Defaults to ``.
- `credentials` (String) The credentials used for a 3rd-party service integration (google cloud identity), encoded in base64. Defaults to ``.
- `dashboard_name` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecated** Field 'dashboard_name' is obsolete. The name of a dashboard for 3rd-party service integration (datadog). Defaults to ``.
- `enabled` (Boolean) If the object is currently enabled or disabled. Defaults to `false`.
- `external_url` (String) External url for a 3rd-party service integration. Defaults to ``.
- `idp_name` (String) The Identity Provider's name. Defaults to ``.
- `insights_collector_api_key` (String) Insights key for a 3rd-party service integration. Defaults to ``.
- `insights_collector_url` (String) Insights url for a 3rd-party service integration. Defaults to ``.
- `permissions_user` (String) The user which 3rd-party service integration remediations run as (default 'Shoreline'). Defaults to ``.
- `site_url` (String) Site/Application url for a 3rd-party service integration. Defaults to ``.
- `subject` (String) The subject whose authentication details is used for a 3rd-party service integration (google cloud identity). Defaults to ``.
- `tenant_id` (String) Tenant id for a 3rd-party service integration (Microsoft Entra ID). Defaults to ``.
- `webhook_name` (String) The name of a webhook for 3rd-party service integration (datadog). Defaults to ``.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `type` (String) The type of object (i.e., Alarm, Action, Bot, Metric, Resource, or File).
