---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "shoreline_runbook Resource - terraform-provider-shoreline"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Shoreline notebook. An interactive notebook of Op commands and user documentation .
  See the Shoreline Notebook Documentation https://docs.shoreline.io/ui/notebooks for more info.
---

# shoreline_runbook (Resource)

Shoreline notebook. An interactive notebook of Op commands and user documentation .

See the Shoreline [Notebook Documentation](https://docs.shoreline.io/ui/notebooks) for more info.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name/symbol for the object within Shoreline and the op language (must be unique, only alphanumeric/underscore).

### Optional

- `allowed_entities` (List of String) The list of users who can run an action or notebook. Any user can run if left empty.
- `allowed_resources_query` (String) The list of resources on which an action or notebook can run. No restriction, if left empty. Defaults to ``.
- `approvers` (List of String)
- `cells` (String) The data cells inside a notebook. Defined as a list of JSON objects. These may be either Markdown or Op commands. Defaults to ``.
- `communication_approval_notifications` (Boolean) Enables slack notifications for approvals operations. (Requires workspace and channel.) Defaults to `true`.
- `communication_channel` (String) A string value denoting the slack channel where notifications related to the object should be sent to. Defaults to ``.
- `communication_cud_notifications` (Boolean) Enables slack notifications for create/update/delete operations. (Requires workspace and channel.) Defaults to `true`.
- `communication_execution_notifications` (Boolean) Enables slack notifications for the object executions. (Requires workspace and channel.) Defaults to `true`.
- `communication_workspace` (String) A string value denoting the slack workspace where notifications related to the object should be sent to. Defaults to ``.
- `data` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecated** Field 'data' is obsolete. The JSON representation of a Notebook. If this field is used, then the JSON should only contain these four fields: cells, params, external_params and enabled. Defaults to ``.
- `description` (String) A user-friendly explanation of an object. Defaults to ``.
- `editors` (List of String) List of users who can edit the object (with configure permission). Empty maps to all users.
- `enabled` (Boolean) If the object is currently enabled or disabled. Defaults to `true`.
- `external_params` (String) Notebook parameters defined via with a JSON path used to extract the parameter's value from an external payload, such as an Alertmanager alert. Defaults to ``.
- `filter_resource_to_action` (Boolean) Determines whether parameters containing resources are exported to actions. Defaults to `false`.
- `is_run_output_persisted` (Boolean) A boolean value denoting whether or not cell outputs should be persisted when running a notebook Defaults to `true`.
- `labels` (List of String) A list of strings by which notebooks can be grouped.
- `params` (String) Named variables to pass to an object (e.g. an Action). Defaults to ``.
- `resource_query` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecated** Please use 'allowed_resources_query' instead. A set of Resources (e.g. host, pod, container), optionally filtered on tags or dynamic conditions. Defaults to ``.
- `secret_names` (List of String) A list of strings that contains the name of the secrets that are used in the runbook.
- `timeout_ms` (Number) Defaults to `60000`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `type` (String) The type of object (i.e., Alarm, Action, Bot, Metric, Resource, or File).
