---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "shoreline_system_settings Resource - terraform-provider-shoreline"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Shoreline system_settings. System-level settings. Note: there must only be one instance of this terraform resource named 'system_settings'.
  See the Shoreline Settings Documentation https://docs.shoreline.io/platform/settings for more info.
---

# shoreline_system_settings (Resource)

Shoreline system_settings. System-level settings. Note: there must only be one instance of this terraform resource named 'system_settings'.

See the Shoreline [Settings Documentation](https://docs.shoreline.io/platform/settings) for more info.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name/symbol for the object within Shoreline and the op language (must be unique, only alphanumeric/underscore).

### Optional

- `administrator_grants_create_user` (Boolean) System setting controlling if administrators can create users. Defaults to `true`.
- `administrator_grants_create_user_token` (Boolean) System setting controlling if administrators can create user access tokens. Defaults to `true`.
- `administrator_grants_read_user_token` (Boolean) System setting controlling if administrators can view user access tokens. Defaults to `true`.
- `administrator_grants_regenerate_user_token` (Boolean) System setting controlling if administrators can update user access tokens. Defaults to `true`.
- `allowed_tags` (List of String) Defines a list of tags that are allowed on agent tag ingestion
- `approval_allow_individual_notification` (Boolean) System setting controlling if approvals notifications are sent to individual users, in case no specific notebook communication setting is defined. Defaults to `true`.
- `approval_editable_allowed_resource_query_enabled` (Boolean) System setting controlling if notebook resource queries can be modified on approved executions. Defaults to `true`.
- `approval_feature_enabled` (Boolean) System setting controlling if notebook approvals are enabled. Defaults to `true`.
- `approval_optional_request_ticket_url` (Boolean) System setting controlling if the ticket url is optional when creating an approval request. Defaults to `false`.
- `environment_name` (String) System setting for the name of the environment. Defaults to ``.
- `environment_name_background` (String) System setting for the background colour of the environment name. The format is #<6-digit hex> Defaults to `#EF5350`.
- `external_audit_storage_batch_period_sec` (Number) System setting for alternate audit storage batching interval (in seconds). Defaults to `5`.
- `external_audit_storage_enabled` (Boolean) System setting controlling if audit information is stored in an alternate location. Defaults to `false`.
- `external_audit_storage_type` (String) System setting for alternate audit storage type (e.g. 'ELASTIC'). Defaults to `ELASTIC`.
- `maintenance_mode_enabled` (Boolean) System setting that when enabled, rejects new runs, allowing ongoing tasks to complete before stopping. Defaults to `false`.
- `managed_secrets` (String) System setting that discriminates between usage of external vaults and the built in one. Defaults to `LOCAL`.
- `notebook_ad_hoc_approval_request_enabled` (Boolean, Deprecated) **Deprecated** Please use 'runbook_ad_hoc_approval_request_enabled' instead. System setting controlling if approvals are enabled for ad-hoc notebook execution. Defaults to `true`.
- `notebook_approval_request_expiry_time` (Number, Deprecated) **Deprecated** Please use 'runbook_approval_request_expiry_time' instead. System setting for maximum wait for approval after request (in minutes). Defaults to `60`.
- `notebook_run_approval_expiry_time` (Number, Deprecated) **Deprecated** Please use 'run_approval_expiry_time' instead. System setting for maximum wait for execution after approval (in minutes). Defaults to `60`.
- `parallel_notebook_runs_fired_by_time_triggers` (Number, Deprecated) **Deprecated** Please use 'parallel_runs_fired_by_time_triggers' instead. System setting controlling the maximum number of different parallel notebook runs initiated via time triggers Defaults to `10`.
- `parallel_runs_fired_by_time_triggers` (Number) Defaults to `10`.
- `param_value_max_length` (Number) System setting controlling the maximum allowable length for a notebook's parameter Defaults to `10000`.
- `run_approval_expiry_time` (Number) Defaults to `60`.
- `runbook_ad_hoc_approval_request_enabled` (Boolean) Defaults to `true`.
- `runbook_approval_request_expiry_time` (Number) Defaults to `60`.
- `skipped_tags` (List of String) Defines a list of tags that are skipped on agent tag ingestion
- `time_trigger_permissions_user` (String) System setting for the user that time-triggered notebooks run as. Defaults to `Shoreline`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `type` (String) The type of object (i.e., Alarm, Action, Bot, Metric, Resource, or File).
